Cork is a reminder addon, aimed primarily at buffs.  Cork was inspired long ago by NeedyList, and has been Alpha quality for years.  Wrath introduces new buff query APIs that let me finally make Cork as small as I'd prefer, so I'm finally pushing out a beta-quality version.

<b>Due to the new API, Cork is designed to work on WoW 3.0 (Wrath).  A Live-compatibility layer is provided, but I make no promises that it will work correctly or efficiently.  Modules are written for Wrath's spell mechanics and <i>will not</i> be rewritten for different behaviour on Live.</b>

Cork provides, at it's heart, one-click buff casting.  Some non-buff reminders are included, however, and more are planned.

h3. Implemented

* Reminders for self-only buffs, auras and shapeshifts
* Reminders for raid-group buffs (ones that cast on multiple targets)
* Reminders for palidin seals and warrior shouts only shown in combat
* Hunter pet happiness (includes macro for feeding or calling a feed addon)
* Warlock summons
* Warlock Soul Link
* Low durability warnings when resting (in town)
* Clam shucker
* Minimap tracking
* Keybinding (thanks cladhaire)
* Macro-generating button, like "Buffet's":http://tekkub.net/addons/Buffet

h3. Planned

* "Friendly target" buffs which are applied selectivly instead of to the whole party/raid
** Druid Thorns
** Mage Dampen/Amplify Magic
** Priest Fear Ward
** Shaman earth shield (managed for player currently, needs to be castable on others)
** Shaman Water Breathing/Walking
** Warlock Detect Invisibility
** Warlock Unending Breath
* Reagent restock reminders when resting
* Tabard (once reputation tabards are implemented)
* "LDB":http://github.com/tekkub/libdatabroker-1-1/wikis data source
* Option to disable the always-up tooltip

If I have forgotten a buff for your class, feel free to open a bug on "Google code":http://code.google.com/p/tekkub-wow/issues/list?can=1&q=addon:Cork&sort=status+milestone&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Addon%20Milestone%20Summary

h2. One-click? How?

Simple!  Make a macro: @/click CorkFrame@.  You might wish to add a @/cast [combat] Some Spell@ at the start as well... for example I put Inner Fire in my priest's macro.

You can also use the keybinding in the default keybind UI.

Be warned, Cork will only cast <i>out of combat</i>.  If you want to apply buffs in combat, you'll have to do it manually.

h2. Links

<b>Visit "my site":http://www.tekkub.net/addons/Cork for more info.<br>
Please report all bugs and feature requests to my "Google Code":http://code.google.com/p/tekkub-wow/issues/list?can=1&q=addon:Cork&sort=status+milestone&colspec=ID%20Type%20Status%20Addon%20Milestone%20Summary tracker<br>
Please direct all feedback and questions to my "Google Groups":http://groups-beta.google.com/group/tekkub-wow mailinglist.</b>
